
Crypto Tracker is a digital asset portfolio manager. Users can add crypto assets to their portfolio and track the prices and values of their holdings.

WHAT TO DO FIRST:
Log in as admin and create a user account (select option 1), then log out and log in again with the new username.
Admin login is: fusion22

Note: In this version of CryptoTracker, even though you can create a password, you MUST enter your username when logging in. 

If you created an account such as the one below:
Name: Mary
username: mary
password: pass1234
... YOU MUST  enter 'mary' to log in. Do not enter the password. Logging in with a secure password will come in the next release of CryptoTracker.

Users can create and view portfolios.

Admins can create and manage users.

USER OPTIONS: (users can see the following options in their logged in menu)
1. View Portfolio
Selecting this option will show your current portfolio. It will be empty by default (In this case you must add cryptos to it - see the below). After selecting View Portfolio you will have a choice of how you would like to view your portfolio. The second option gets live data from CoinMarketCap, and the first option uses pricing that is stored on your computer. If you want the latest market prices, select option 2. If you just want to check to see if your cryptos and quantities look correct and you don't need to see the latest pricing, select option 1. If you select option 1, you will be asked to select from one of four different cached files. You can choose any of them, 1, 2, 3 or 4.

2. Add/Remove Crypto
Selecting this option from the main user menu will allow you to add a crypto to your portfolio, or if it already exists, you can change or delete it. You will be guided with questions. You must enter the cryptocurrency symbol and the quantity of that asset you wish to update it to. If you already had BTC (Bitcoin) for example and you wish to delete it (perhaps you sold your Bitcoin, you made a mistake with the emtry, or you are just testing) you can enter BTC with a quantity of 0. Any changes you made you can fix simply by selecting Add/Remove Crypto again, and re-entering the information.

3. Help
Brings you to this help page

4. Quit
Exits the CryptoTracker app.

ADMIN OPTIONS (Admins can see the following options in their logged in menu)

1. Create User
Selecting this option will ask you for the following:
Name: Bob
Username: bobby56
Password: xxx




